feat: add initial docs for skills (#406)
agno-agi/docs: basics/skills/overview.mdx

---
title: Introduction to Skills
sidebarTitle: Overview
description: Skills provide agents with structured domain expertise through instructions, scripts, and reference documentation.
---

> Skills are packages of domain expertise that extend your agent's capabilities. Based on [Anthropic's Agent Skills](https://platform.claude.com/docs/en/agents-and-tools/agent-skills/overview) concept, they provide a structured way to give agents specialized knowledge and capabilities.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Agno Skills integration, based on Anthropic's [Agent Skills specification](https://platform.claude.com/docs/en/agents-and-tools/agent-skills/overview), is a way to extend your agent's capabilities by providing specific skills.

Using Skills, your agents will be able to gradually **discover, obtain and utilize** specialized knowledge and capabilities.
```
